Add content for gin_trgm_ops (#23528)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/develop/learn/text-search/similarity-matching.md

The `strict_word_similarity` is higher than the `similarity` as it gave higher importance to the presence of the exact term `word` in both strings.

> `pg_trgm` supports the `gin_trgm_ops` an operator class that is specifically designed for [GIN (Generalized Inverted Index)](../../../explore/ysql-language-features/indexes-constraints/gin) indexes to efficiently handle trigram-based similarity searches. With this, you can improve the performance of your `LIKE` and `ILIKE` queries as the `gin_trgm_ops` extracts the trigrams and indexes them in the GIN index. For example, creating an index like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pg_trgm` supports the `gin_trgm_ops` operator class, which is specifically designed for [GIN (Generalized Inverted Index)](../../../explore/ysql-language-features/indexes-constraints/gin) indexes to efficiently handle trigram-based similarity searches. `gin_trgm_ops` improves the performance of `LIKE` and `ILIKE` queries by extracting the trigrams and indexing them in the GIN index. For example, creating the following index:
```

```sql
CREATE INDEX idx_gin_trgm ON my_table USING gin (my_column gin_trgm_ops);
```

> will improve the performance of the query,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improves the performance of the query:
```

```sql
SELECT * FROM my_table WHERE my_column LIKE '%search_term%';
```

{{<tip>}}

> If your application frequently requires exact matches or searches for substrings within larger text fields, `gin_trgm_ops` is a good choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application frequently requires exact matches, or searches for substrings in larger text fields, `gin_trgm_ops` is a good choice.
```
